aae	Aedes aegypti
aau	Acacia auriculiformis
aca	Anolis carolinensis
aga	Anopheles gambiae
age	Ateles geoffroyi
ahy	Arachis hypogaea
aly	Arabidopsis lyrata
ame	Apis mellifera
amg	Acacia mangium
api	Acyrthosiphon pisum
aqc	Aquilegia caerulea
aqu	Amphimedon queenslandica
asu	Ascaris suum
ata	Aegilops tauschii
ath	Arabidopsis thaliana
bcy	Bruguiera cylindrica
bdi	Brachypodium distachyon
bfl	Branchiostoma floridae
bgy	Bruguiera gymnorhiza
bhv1	Bovine herpesvirus
bkv	BK polyomavirus
blv	Bovine leukemia
bma	Brugia malayi
bmo	Bombyx mori
bna	Brassica napus
bol	Brassica oleracea
bpcv1	Bandicoot papillomatosis
bpcv2	Bandicoot papillomatosis
bra	Brassica rapa
bta	Bos taurus
cbr	Caenorhabditis briggsae
cca	Cynara cardunculus
ccl	Citrus clementine
ccr	Cyprinus carpio
cel	Caenorhabditis elegans
cfa	Canis familiaris
cgr	Cricetulus griseus
cin	Ciona intestinalis
cla	Cerebratulus lacteus
cme	Cucumis melo
cpa	Carica papaya
cqu	Culex quinquefasciatus
cre	Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
crm	Caenorhabditis remanei
crt	Citrus reticulata
csa	Ciona savignyi
csi	Citrus sinensis
cte	Capitella teleta
ctr	Citrus trifoliata
dan	Drosophila ananassae
ddi	Dictyostelium discoideum
der	Drosophila erecta
dgr	Drosophila grimshawi
dme	Drosophila melanogaster
dmo	Drosophila mojavensis
dpe	Drosophila persimilis
dpr	Digitalis purpurea
dps	Drosophila pseudoobscura
dpu	Daphnia pulex
dre	Danio rerio
dse	Drosophila sechellia
dsi	Drosophila simulans
dvi	Drosophila virilis
dwi	Drosophila willistoni
dya	Drosophila yakuba
ebv	Epstein Barr
eca	Equus caballus
egr	Echinococcus granulosus
egu	Elaeis guineensis
emu	Echinococcus multilocularis
esi	Ectocarpus siliculosus
far	Festuca arundinacea
fru	Fugu rubripes
gar	Gossypium arboreum
gga	Gallus gallus
ggo	Gorilla gorilla
ghb	Gossypium herbaceum
ghr	Gossypium hirsutum
gma	Glycine max
gpy	Glottidia pyramidata
gra	Gossypium raimondii
gso	Glycine soja
han	Helianthus annuus
har	Helianthus argophyllus
hbr	Hevea brasiliensis
hbv	Herpes B
hci	Helianthus ciliaris
hcmv	Human cytomegalovirus
hco	Haemonchus contortus
hex	Helianthus exilis
hhi	Hippoglossus hippoglossus
hhv6b	Human herpesvirus
hiv1	Human immunodeficiency
hma	Hydra magnipapillata
hme	Heliconius melpomene
hpa	Helianthus paradoxus
hpe	Helianthus petiolaris
hru	Haliotis rufescens
hsa	Homo sapiens
hsv1	Herpes Simplex
hsv2	Herpes Simplex
htu	Helianthus tuberosus
hvsa	Herpesvirus saimiri
hvt	Herpesvirus of
hvu	Hordeum vulgare
iltv	Infectious laryngotracheitis
isc	Ixodes scapularis
jcv	JC polyomavirus
kshv	Kaposi sarcoma-associated
lca	Lemur catta
lgi	Lottia gigantea
lja	Lotus japonicus
lla	Lagothrix lagotricha
lmi	Locusta migratoria
mcmv	Mouse cytomegalovirus
mcv	Merkel cell
mdm	Malus domestica
mdo	Monodelphis domestica
mdv1	Mareks disease
mdv2	Mareks disease
mes	Manihot esculenta
meu	Macropus eugenii
mghv	Mouse gammaherpesvirus
mja	Marsupenaeus japonicus
mml	Macaca mulatta
mmu	Mus musculus
mne	Macaca nemestrina
mse	Manduca sexta
mtr	Medicago truncatula
ngi	Nasonia giraulti
nlo	Nasonia longicornis
nta	Nicotiana tabacum
nve	Nematostella vectensis
nvi	Nasonia vitripennis
oan	Ornithorhynchus anatinus
oar	Ovis aries
odi	Oikopleura dioica
ola	Oryzias latipes
osa	Oryza sativa
pab	Picea abies
pbi	Pygathrix bieti
pde	Pinus densata
peu	Populus euphratica
pma	Petromyzon marinus
pol	Paralichthys olivaceus
ppa	Pan paniscus
ppc	Pristionchus pacificus
ppt	Physcomitrella patens
ppy	Pongo pygmaeus
prv	Pseudorabies virus
pta	Pinus taeda
ptc	Populus trichocarpa
pti	Phaeodactylum tricornutum
ptr	Pan troglodytes
pvu	Phaseolus vulgaris
rco	Ricinus communis
rgl	Rehmannia glutinosa
rlcv	Rhesus lymphocryptovirus
rmi	Rhipicephalus microplus
rno	Rattus norvegicus
rrv	Rhesus monkey
sbi	Sorghum bicolor
sha	Sarcophilus harrisii
sja	Schistosoma japonicum
sko	Saccoglossus kowalevskii
sla	Saguinus labiatus
sly	Solanum lycopersicum
sma	Schistosoma mansoni
sme	Schmidtea mediterranea
smo	Selaginella moellendorffii
smr	Strigamia maritima
sof	Saccharum officinarum
spu	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
ssc	Sus scrofa
ssl	Salvia sclarea
ssp	Saccharum ssp.
ssy	Symphalangus syndactylus
stu	Solanum tuberosum
sv40	Simian virus
tae	Triticum aestivum
tca	Tribolium castaneum
tcc	Theobroma cacao
tgu	Taeniopygia guttata
tni	Tetraodon nigroviridis
tre	Terebratulina retusa
ttu	Triticum turgidum
tur	Tetranychus urticae
vun	Vigna unguiculata
vvi	Vitis vinifera
xbo	Xenoturbella bocki
xla	Xenopus laevis
xtr	Xenopus tropicalis
zma	Zea mays
